Update in relation to Ionic CLI release 6.9.0 (#1416)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: src/pages/cli/configuration.md

* `ionic:serve:after`: executed after the dev server is terminated
* `ionic:build:before`: executed before a web asset build begins
* `ionic:build:after`: executed after a web asset build finishes
* `ionic:capacitor:run:before` : executed on capacitor run before capacitor open is executed
* `ionic:capacitor:build:before` : executed on capacitor build before capacitor open is executed

> The capacitor hooks are executed after the `ionic:serve` and `ionic:build` hooks, they will only be executed when using the `ionic capacitor build` or the `ionic capacitor run` command. When using a shell script for any of the hooks, several environment variables are set containing context information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Capacitor hooks are executed after the `ionic:serve` and `ionic:build` hooks. They will only be executed when using the `ionic capacitor build` or `ionic capacitor run` commands. When using a shell script for any of the hooks, several environment variables are set containing context information.
```

> The following example, shows environment variables set for the `ionic:capacitor:build:before` hook.
> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the environment variables that are set for the `ionic:capacitor:run:before` and `ionic:capacitor:build:before` hooks.

```shell
```
